Good morning, sleepy heads. It is day
eight of testing the top 10 tourist
attractions in America. Yesterday, we
did a road trip along the Pacific Coast
Highway, ending at the Golden Gate
Bridge in San Francisco. Today, we are
staying in California because we are
going to Los Angeles. We've got a packed
day in LA. It's going to be so fun. But
before we go to the airport morning,
first things first, got to brush my
teeth. Don't want anyone in LA looking
at me funny. I put on deodorant on one
armpit. I shave my beard. I have a
really long beard right now, so I shave
it off. And lastly, some cologne to
attract my wife. And just like that, I'm
ready for the day. Let's go to the car.
Let's go to the airport. Time to soak up
our last moments in the convertible. We
drove back across the Golden Gate Bridge
to the airport. Thank you, Shopify, for
sponsoring our bucket list. We took off
towards LA on a very, very short flight.
While there are many things to do in Los
Angeles as a tourist, I have selected
three things that I think are going to
be really fun. Number one, Santa Monica
Pier. It is one of the most visited
landmarks in California. It has 8
million visitors per year, and it has a
ferris wheel.
>> I'm scared of ferris wheels. You're not
going to make me go on that, right?
>> Number two, the Hollywood sign. It's one
of the most photographed signs in the
entire world. You can hike to it. You
can drive to it. Either way is fun. And
number three, we are going to a Dodgers
baseball game. I felt like going to a
baseball game in this series is a must.
It's America's favorite pastime, and the
Dodgers are one of the most famous
sports teams.
Also, they sell like 2 million hot dogs
every year, so I foresee more Gizzies in
our future. It's a quick flight to LA,
so we'll see you on the ground. New
tourist attraction unlocked. We took an
hour-long Uber to our first tourist
attraction. We have arrived to Santa
Monica Pier. Hey, Santa Monica Pier.
It's going to be an eventful day here in
LA. And don't forget why we're doing
this. Gosh dang it. It's important.
On the scale of underrated to overrated,
people generally consider Santa Monica
Pier to be overrated. Unfortunately,
like I said before, it is one of the
most visited tourist attractions. So,
let's try to see what's going on here
with some of the reviews. Alana said,
"Not much to see or do. It was boring
and kind of dirty. Junky merch. Don't
buy it. Don't eat funnel cake. Don't
bring any money. One star. I bought this
hat from a hat stand and Haley bought
that cardigan from Bubba Gumps. It's
actually really nice cardigan.
>> Yeah. I mean, look, it's it's got stars
on it. It's really good.
>> Semi-quincentennial vibes.
>> Exactly.
>> Ezra's review is crazy. Overcrowded. The
GTA 5 Santa Monica is 100% better. I
would rather just play the game than
come back. Ferris wheel is busted, bro.
One star. Ezra is a big hater. I've
never seen someone that upset about a
Ferris wheel. Okay. Well, the reviews
have been proven wrong before, so let's
see what we think about Santa Monica
Pier. Let's have some fun.
>> Let's do it without the ferris wheel, of
course.
>> There's a show going on.
>> We got 25 seconds.
>> We don't know what they're about to do,
but a large crowd of tourists began
forming in anticipation of this show.
We're ready for it.
>> We got 10 seconds.
If you guys are ready for your show,
everybody say, "Yeah."
>> Yeah. Oh, beautiful.
>> They started counting down from 30
seconds again, so we just decided to do
other stuff. All of the rides on this
pier look kind of terrifying.
So, we started with the easy stuff. I
won Haley a Cat Mario plushy, which is
pretty romantic. Let's go, Haley.
Yeah. And after a muchneeded $5 photo
booth experience, we got some breakfast
from the funnel cake guy. Santa Monica
Pier is really just like a carnival.
It's just a carnival on the beach. It is
now time for us to go on the ferris
wheel. Mario's joining us for this ride.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh my gosh. This is awesome. Look at
that.
>> Oh my god.
>> He's got nothing on me.
>> If you were here, what ride would you go
on? I'm ready to get off the ferris
wheel,
>> y'all. These guys just started dancing.
They were counting down from 30 seconds
for an hour.
They're actually really good, though.
Haley and I stopped in at a taco place
right by the Santa Monica Pier. It's
called Taco 1986. For lunch, we have
easily one of our favorite foods in the
world, al pastor tacos. Mario, what do
you think about this?
>> Haley, cheers.
>> Cheers.
M. Those might be the best corn
tortillas I've ever had. Those are so
good. I feel like I have so many
memories in this area of Los Angeles. In
2022, when I did the penny series, I
started at Venice Beach. I spent like
five days in LA starting from a penny
and working my way up to be able to get
a ticket to Las Vegas. Good times. It's
pretty diabolical. The first calories of
our day was funnel cake. The one thing
everyone says about Los Angeles is it
takes a long time to drive places. Our
next stop is the Hollywood sign and it's
going to take like an hour to get there.
So, we're going to eat this food as
quick as we can so we can go to the
Hollywood sign.
You totally caught us hanging out at
Lake Hollywood Park at the Hollywood
sign.
We can't quite see the Hollywood sign
from here, but it's just behind us. It's
honestly such a vibe here at this park.
There's a fruit stand. We purchased a
large cup of fruit and ate it while
basking in the sun. Honestly, I really
needed this. This is the first time in
this whole series I felt like I can just
relax.
>> What about on the Guardians of the
Galaxy ride?
>> Oh my gosh, you're a troll. Who is this
guy anyway?
>> You got him for me?
>> Yeah, I didn't expect him to be attached
to the hip. A lot of tourists think that
the Hollywood sign is actually
underrated as a tourist attraction.
Which kind of surprises me cuz it is
just a sign.
>> Yeah, because what are they talking
about? The hike? The photo op?
>> Let's find out. Suzanne wrote, "This is
a mustdo in Los Angeles. Got great
pictures and the kids loved it. Get
their fruit. Five stars." That's exactly
what we did, Suzanne. We haven't
actually seen the sign yet, but looking
forward to it. Toby's review is awesome.
He said, "The Hollywood sign is a symbol
of American dream. We saw it from
distance, but it's enough for me. So
inspired." Five stars. You want to see
the picture Toby's talking about?
>> Yes, of course. Auto zone. The Hollywood
sign.
>> I genuinely could not see the sign
initially in this photo.
>> Oh man, I'm really enjoying just sitting
in this grass, but we're going to hike
up a little bit further and we should
have eyes on the Hollywood sign. Let's
have eyes on the Hollywood side.
>> Yes,
>> I pulled a prank on Haley and made her
think I was losing control down the
hill.
I'm so funny. Guys, I present to you the
Hollywood sign
right there.
That one's going on the fridge. That's a
good picture. I like it. Well, we got
some banger photos. Also got one of
Mario. had to snap a flick for my boy.
Really cool to see the Hollywood sign up
this close and it's a beautiful day here
in Los Angeles. So, you really have so
much to be grateful for and so much to
be happy about in this moment right now.
>> You couldn't have said it better myself.
>> As you can tell by the sun, it is now
midday here in LA and Haley and I have a
baseball game this evening. We're going
to the Dodgers game. Very exciting. We
need somewhere to go hang out until
then.
We're over here now at Dodger Stadium.
Ryan, you're not going to believe this,
but a lot of people say a Dodgers game
is underrated. Mhm. It's true. Let me
read you some of the reviews. Zebra Sky
says, "Oh, look. They have a little
scrapbooking profile photo. Dodger
Stadium is always a treat. Not a bad
seat in the house. Get a Dodger dog or
two or three or four. Five stars.
>> The Dodger dog is our hot dog.
>> We might just have to get two
>> or three or four.
>> Nah. Uh, seriously, we probably
shouldn't eat that many.
>> John takes no L's says, "Oldest park
west of the Mississippi. Must be on your
baseball bucket list. Even if you're not
a Dodger fan, get your butt over here.
Five stars."
>> That's crazy, John. That's exactly what
we did. We literally did that. I feel a
little weird wearing all of this Dodgers
merchandise because I grew up a Houston
Astros fan and I'm still a Houston
Astros fan. But today, I am serving a
greater purpose. All right, I am a
generic tourist
>> and I feel conflicted because I just
threw the first pitch for the Miami
Marlins, which the Dodgers are going
against today.
>> We've got all kinds of moral dilemmas
arising right now. But I am very
excited. I love a baseball game. I think
out of all the sports, it's probably the
most fun to watch in person. I hope
there's a guy saying hot dogs. Wasn't
that good?
>> That was really good. I didn't know you
could do that.
>> I could I didn't either. We arrived to
Dodger Stadium early. We're here 2 hours
before the game starts and we thought we
were some weirdos for showing up that
early, but there are so many people
here. We even went shopping at Target
before this. Walked inside and who do I
see? This guy is everywhere. My
goodness. Good news though, I was able
to find Joyide at Target. As you know,
Joyide is my candy. My dream is to make
it the number one candy in America. And
June 13th is Joyide Day. It's right
around the corner at this point. We are
going to set a new world record. It's
going to be done. All you have to do to
be a part of this world record is go to
a store, take a photo with a bag of
Joyide, upload it to Instagram with your
state in the location and #Joyide Day
2026. And that's it. We need 200 people
from every US state to set this world
record. And I think it can be done. You
can RSVP for Joyide Day through the link
in the description. Click the big green
button and choose your store. There's
only a few more days to RSVP before
Joyide Day. We have over 30,000 of you
guys so far who have already said you're
going to participate in this world
record. These are the states that don't
have 200 people RSVPd yet. If you live
here or know anyone who does, please
tell them about this. Shout out to the
Joyide Runners doing the exact same
thing I just did. You guys are the best.
I love seeing these photos every day. I
think the doors are opening to the
stadium. So, we're going to go get in
line. This is so fun. LET'S GO DODGERS.
ALL RIGHT. You guys ever tried the
Dodgers dog?
>> Uh, I have. I
>> You have. You like it or
>> Yeah, it's good.
>> It's good. It's good. I want to try the
burger today though.
>> Oh, the burger kind of does, right?
>> Try the burger.
>> All right, guys. You have a good one.
>> My desire is to catch a home run today.
We just walked into the stadium and the
vibes are already electric. We found
this station where they let you make a
baseball card out of yourself. Uh yeah,
of course we did it. I want a baseball
card of me and my wife. And they put it
in a protective sleeve so it'll be mint
condition.
Why she got to bang it like that? Still
looks sick. Go ahead, get your
screenshots in. I think we just stumbled
across the hot dogs. Uhoh. Hot dogs.
Hot dogs.
>> We're tourists.
>> Yeah. Where are you guys from?
>> Texas.
>> Yeah.
>> Hot dogs or
>> Oh, two Dodger dogs.
>> On your right.
>> All right. Thank you.
>> Yeah.
That gentleman has no idea that he just
made our day. I bought a baseball for my
souvenir collection and we made our way
to our seats. Here's our spot.
Baseball.
I just can't get over this. This is
absolutely beautiful. People are piling
into their seats.
>> This really does feel like an American
bucket list item.
>> Yes. This is one of the oldest baseball
fields in America. You ready to have
your first Dodger dog?
>> I've been waiting all day.
>> Haley and I are some ketchup feeds. My
dad used to tell me, "Son, there's a
point in every baseball game where you
finally let go." I had that moment
during the national anthem. It doesn't
get much more American than this, does
it? Before long, the game had begun and
we found ourselves cheering for anything
that resembled action on the baseball
field. Double play. Yes. We got to watch
Show Otani, one of the best baseball
players, get a base hit.
>> Yeah.
Gosh, he's so cool. We also got to watch
him score a run, which is a pretty cool
experience in Dodger Stadium. About to
surprise Haley with a treat.
>> Thank you.
>> It's ice cream in a baseball helmet.
>> Haley,
me and Haley are souvenir maxing right
now. Look at all this stuff we have from
the baseball game. So far, I'm going to
be launching these bucket list boxes in
a few episodes, so I just want to make
sure I'm not missing anything. Let me
ask Sidekick to do an audit of my store
to see if there's any tasks that I still
need to complete. Looks like there's
still a few things for me to do, but
let's start by fixing the inventory.
Luckily, Shopify makes it very easy to
accurately update my products from 0 to
1. And after completing Sidekick's
checklist, our website is just about
ready to go. Start your business
alongside me and Sidekick by signing up
for a trial at shopify.com/ryan.
Thank you, Shopify. Ricky, what did you
just say?
>> So, if you go to the guest services
counter at Dodger Stadium, tell them
it's your first game, they'll give you a
pin that says first Dodger.
>> Come on. Thank you for that information.
Is there a place to pick up a pen as a
first time Dodgers?
>> Go down to fan services.
>> Another souvenir unlocked.
>> Ricky, we got him.
At one point, the entire stadium started
doing the wave, which is way cooler in
person than on TV. Haley and I got a
photo for our scrapbook. Ricky took
this. Shout out Ricky. Photo credits to
her. And before we knew it, our night at
Dodger Stadium ended with a Dodger win.
They won the game.
Back from the baseball game, we are in
our hotel. We have a late night tonight
and a very early morning tomorrow. Like
super early. our earliest morning yet.
And we've had some early mornings. I
think tomorrow's tourist attraction is
our longest travel day as well. So,
we'll be traveling for like 5 and 1/2
hours before we even get the chance to
travel another 2 hours to get there. A
road trip and a flight. It's multiple.
It's quite a remote tourist attraction,
but that's besides the point. We need to
focus on Los Angeles and update our
bucket list book. This is our top 10
tourist attraction ranking list so far.
And now we are going to add Los Angeles
to the mix. New York City is currently
in first place. Las Vegas currently in
last. It's okay. Haley did a great job
decorating the scrapbook page today.
Honestly, some of my favorite photos
we've gotten from the whole trip today.
As you know, we're not just ranking
these tourist attractions willy-nilly.
No, we have criteria: experience,
scenery, and magic. Similar to New York
City, Los Angeles is beyond a tourist
attraction. You can't capture it in one
day. It's a huge city with tons of
things to do. You want to start with
experience?
>> Yes.
>> 1 2 3 7.
>> I almost did seven.
>> Now that we've done so many, I'm
starting to think about the others and
what we rated those because we ranked
New York City 8. And I think Los Angeles
experience-wise might just be about one
point lower. Mostly because we spent 2
and 1/2 hours of our day in traffic.
>> That's true. It's just true.
>> Are you good with seven?
>> Yeah, I would say seven.
>> All right. Boom. Next. Scenery rating.
What are the visuals? What does it look
like? You take it all in and what do you
feel? 1 2 3 8. Nice. Eight is a really
good score, especially for an entire
city. Laying in that grass earlier today
was the most free I felt in maybe years.
I could tell you reacted similarly to
how our Chihuahua does to a large patch
of grass.
>> Scenery rating
eight. Last but not least, magic rating
on three. 1 2 3 7. Dang. Okay. Out of
everything, I think the Dodgers game was
the most magical. The atmosphere was so
good. The food was fun. I love a
baseball game. I haven't been to a
baseball game in so long.
>> The visuals are just so satisfying. They
do a really good job making the game
entertaining in real life cuz I feel
like when you watch it on TV with the
commercials and everything, it feels
very slow, but it feels so fast-paced in
real life. Also, the Dodgers are one of
the best teams in baseball, so getting
to watch them live, that's a treat.
Also, we ate treats out of helmets.
Magic rating seven. That means Los
Angeles has the same score as Washington
DC. And we have decided to put it just
below at ranked number six. Paley, we
have quite the list here. Only two more.
>> That's so crazy.
>> I know. It's wild seeing New York City
in first place. I had no idea how these
were going to stack up. I cannot believe
we have been able to do all these in the
past 8 days, both logistically and just
in general. What a blessing. We are
having so much fun. We are so grateful
to be doing this series. You guys are
incredible. Good night. We'll see you
soon.
Only two more tourist attractions to go.
My goodness, where has the time gone?
Will New York City be number one or will
it be dethroned? Keep watching to find
out. Click the video on screen. I'll see
you there.